Fearless, I hate you
Hey, what's up?
Did Brother Mo Yan Wuji find you?
After he followed you out of the hotel
I can't get in touch with him anymore
He is your boyfriend now
What are you looking for me for?
It's all my fault
I know you promised Jiang Wenxing
I'm angry with Brother Fearless
But it's all a misunderstanding
Said I didn't want to go on a blind date
I let Brother Wuji pretend to be my boyfriend
In fact, he has always had only you in his heart
You just told me now
What's the point?
Do you really want to be with Jiang Wenxian?
Why? You obviously don't like him.
Yes!
He's now giving the group 60 billion project
This will help the Zhao family out of trouble
With the support of the Jiang family in the future
The Zhao family can soar into the sky
What about Brother Wuji?
possible
I will never be with him in my life
Hahahahaha
Come on, come on, I've never heard of it.
How did Qiaozi West mix with Xingtian?
You don't know yet
Since the last incident in the Wang family
This Xingtian will join the door of Wuji Hall
This hell
It's skyrocketing
Say soar
Who can compare to you
After the engagement party today
The first family in Beihai Province
I'm afraid it must be your Zhao family
Come, come, I respect you
Hahaha come